Large scale E-mail system maintenance

The project is to maintain a large scale e-mail service to a top leader telecom company in Japan.
The maintainence consists of develop new features, expanding new services, support new clients, fix exsisted bugs and more. 
As the customer's company grows and the mobile clients change -- feature phone to smart phone, lots of works should be done to provide more better service to the end users. The project itself will keep on going.
As a core member in the project, I have attended almost all develop sub-projects with 50 colleagues, from Japan and China, these years.
The main role I acts is technical leader and bridge software engineer.
As a technial leader, I leads 10 colleagues to do the develoment using c and Perl.
As a bridge software engineer. I discuss the requirement definnition with the Japanese colleagues, make investments, write system specifications and communicates with Chinese colleagues.
After hard works in the past three years, the whole system is eventually switch from a old-and-customized protocal based system to a opensource based scalable system.

It's a set of Perl scripts to automatically fetch stock data from network, analyse the data and notificate user by customizable rules.
These scripts use e-mail as a interface.
I write these scrips for the actural needs from my friends and myself.
Now these scirpts serve tens of peoples.

It's a attempt to write a clone to one of my favorite games, NAMCO Sangokushi II - Haou no dairiku.
It use Allegro as game library, write in c++. After finish the basis sturcture of the game, I stoped development for lack of game resources (music, pics, etc).




Who e.g. "As Project Manager leading a team of 10 engineers..."
What e.g. "...working on the X Project aiming to improve efficiency..."
Where e.g. "...at Client Y's manufacturing site..."
When e.g. "...in June 2009 for a project with a six month duration..."
How e.g. "...by analysing the business needs, and developing an IT solution..."
Why e.g. "...to address slow client response, poor delivery and high error rate..."


Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/3356973

1) the title of the project (if I have to be discreet, I shall use a descriptive substitute) 
2) the purpose (what are the objectives) of the project 
3) what is the duration (is it finished)? 
4) individual contributor or the project leader 
5) team work or solo? 
6) most importantly (most detailed), what is my contribution -- as a result of my skills and hard work and planning, how much money has been saved, and/or how much impact the project's results have on the institution and other projects; has the project achieved its goals.
7) Has the project finished on schedule and budget? Better yet, ahead of schedule and below budget? 
8) any recognition -- awards, certificate, letter of appreciation, honorable mention, etc. 
